# Folder Structure

This folder contains multiple files (divided based on the purpose of the functions) that contain all the source code for the family_setups experiments. To briefly summarize each file (ordered conveniently for explanation):
- tool_functions.py = covers some utility functions to compute the problem inputs (like arrival times for orders), and also compute dispatching/routing time for a batch of orders, and to compute all batches a problem needs to consider.
- create_variables_and_constraints.py = defines the functions that allow us to create the variables and constraints for our formulations.
- regular_formulations.py = contains the exact formulations of our paper (i.e. no column generation). These formulations call the functions inside the create_variables_and_constraints.py file and the tool_functions.py
- retrieve_dual_variables.py = this file defines functions that allow us to retrieve the dual variables for the different formulations. This is useful in the context of the pricing problem for column generation.
- regular_formulations_column_generation.py = this file defines the column generation methods for our non set cover formulations. These three column generation methods (solve IP, plus the heuristic) call the functions from retrieve_dual_variables.py to facilitate the pricing problem, and also the functions inside the create_variables_and_constraints.py file and the tool_functions.py.
- lower_bounds.py = in this file we define the lower bounds used in the paper, some of which are relevant in the context of our set cover formulation.
- set_cover_methods.py = this file covers all the functions that are needed for our set cover routines. This includes how to initialize the subsets, create the variables, retrieve dual information and more. The reason behind the division of the set cover methods (in comparison to our other formulations) is that the set cover methods need to explicitly consider "full day batches" that solve a problem for a single vehicle and that might include multiple families; hence the logic is significantly different enough to the other formulations to warrant all its files being modularized into its own file.

Multiple functions are not leveraged in the run_family_setups_experiments.py file inside `scripts` folder because they were dominated by other methods. We still provide their implementation inside our `src/family_setups` folder because to draw those conclusions we needed those functions/formulations; for which we did preliminary experiments not included in the paper. Those tests can be easily replicated by leveraging those functions (for instance, see colgen_low_symmetry_families function not being used after proving to be empirically slower than the naive version; presumably by the smart symmetry breaking procedures of Gurobi).